# Meeting Notes 20230601

## 1. Chapter Info Site

1. Not everyone is on SHIP or Slack.
2. Use current format, but create under GDS ACE team - https://github.com/orgs/GovTechSG/teams/gds-ace/members?query=role%3Amaintainer. Need to be added. May need to ask Sheng Hau to rejoin as owner and then change owner?
3. Start with one repo with controlled edit access and read access for team, but either expand access or add more repos for compartmentalised content later if necessary.
4. Use existing Telegram channel ACE Sofrware Engineering Chapter: https://t.me/+z63lVmkCT20zYmJl to use to broadcast. We may add Slack if everyone has access.
5. Table for future: Calendar. Google Calendar is too troublesome to setup and has access control requirements. May rethink regarding public calendar for all to view for public events, but only a few can edit.

### Goals

For website: Information about SWE Chapter; Promote sharing ideally some DIY contributions; Archive for materials - Meeting videos, slides, useful developer resources.
 
For SWE Chapter:
- Turn all our teams into one team. All tribes into one tribe.
 - Encourage people to start new things - hackathon, learning, introducing software stacks or engineering practices.
 - Help those who already have success to extend that to entire tribe.
- Improve SWEs and teams' engineering.
 - Promote learning and sharing - events (SWE Meetup, ACE gathering), hackathons, coding dojos etc.
 - Host resources for the above - Hivemind, archived resources.
 - Mentorship?
 
### To Do

1. [ ] Calvin: Setup Monthly Lunch Meetings
1. [ ] Michael: Profile mugshots? One Talent Gateway link - Calvin: How much Workday profile?
2. [x] Check for ownership of GDS ACE team on Github. Add Calvin. Add site. Do we need to change owner?
3. [ ] Calvin: Contact One Space admin to add this to SWE profile. Is there a One Space page for SWE?
4. [ ] Calvin: Organise discussion on competency assessment. See below.
 
## 2. Competency Assessment for L3 and Above

Let's have a quick remote meeting for 30-45 min to conclude this.

1. L4 to be re-evaluated every 2 years. Portfolios need to be updated.
2. Process:
  3. I will be point of contact, but may ask POD to contact someone else later.
  4. Dish out by tribe first. ACE would only review for ACE members. Calvin to ask other tribe SWE leads to regarding non-GDS tribes.
  5. We **do not re-evaluate** anyone previously endorsed for L3. Calvin to double check with HR.
  6. We compile a list of everyone to be evaluated, and distribute by competencies: Backend, Frontend, Cloud, Data, Software Arch, Mobile. How about we have one person in charge of each competency (minus Mobile) for example. If one competency has more demand, we may have >1 to even the load.
  7. Person/s in charge would take the first cut.
  8. We come together as a panel to conclude.
  9. Calvin: Would prefer not having to interview. Just ask RO and person to write up with right level of detail. Only interview if it is too hard after panel review.

## 3. Update: Software Interview Standardisation

Chee Kean, you use this space to update.

## 4. Update: Technical Stack Standardisation


